[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
ATTACK OF THE ZOMBIES
-[tense music]
-[electricity crackling]
[faint scraping]
[light bulb rattling]
[Kiwi growls]
[Kiwi yelps]
[bell ringing]
-[light music]
-[kids chattering]
Hi!
So, how did the Italian test go?
I couldn't string two words together…
Sei veramente nullo in italiano,
mio caro Jeremy.
Huh?
[Odd] It means "You're so lame at Italian,
Jeremy, old buddy!"
You see? I didn't even get that!
[Milly] Sissi! What do you think
of your father's decision to set up
an exchange program with France?
Our readers want to know!
My dear Milly,
your paper doesn't have any readers!
And anyway, I don't need the whole school
-knowing what I think… Understand?
-No danger there, Sissi.
You'd need a brain to think!
Good old Odd, unfunny as ever!
Shut up, will you?
Oh, I hate her!
You're not the only one.
[theme music]
[Odd] You're wrong, I tell you!
But I didn't say that Kiwi was stupid!
Oh no, you said he was brainless.
If you throw him a stick,
he won't run and fetch it!
Neither would you…
Does that make you brainless?
Franks and beans or ravioli?
Hmm.
Hey, what's he doing there?
If Jim sees him,
Odd's gonna be in trouble!
I'll take him back to his room.
I'll meet you in the showers!
-[tense music]
-[Tamiya] Good doggy…
-Come on, Kiwi.
-[Kiwi growling]
[Kiwi barks]
Ow!
[Kiwi growls]
Huh? Oh…
[Tamiya groans]
[shower turns on]
[Milly sighs]
[Milly humming]
[shower turns off]
-[Tamiya snarls]
-[Milly screams]
[menacing music]
[Milly strains]
[Milly whimpers]
[Tamiya snarls]
[Milly pants]
[door opens]
[Tamiya snarls]
So, you're not going to finish
your chocolate pudding?
Isn't that your fourth one?
Odd is like a cow.
He has more than one stomach!
[Milly] Help me!
Ta… Tamiya came after me!
[sinister music]
She looked so strange, and…
her eyes were completely white…
They were horrible!
She looked like Doctor Schrank!
Who's Doctor Schrank?
The psycho TV brain surgeon
in Hospital of horrors!
Smells like XANA, doesn't it?
-I'm launching a superscan.
-[computer bleeps]
Calm down, it'll be all right.
You must have had a bad dream.
No! I didn't! It was real!
-Activated tower!
-Let's head for the factory!
I'll let Yumi know.
[phone rings]
Ulrich? Uh-huh…
I understand.
Uh-huh, yeah.
Okay. No problem!
Was that Ulrich? Your boyfriend?
Hiroki! For the 100,000th time…
He is not my boyfriend!
[Hiroki] ♪ Yumi's in love! ♪
♪ Yumi's in love! ♪
[Mr. Ishiyama] Hiroki,
leave your sister alone!
You are such a pain! I'm going to bed!
Hm.
[theme music]
-[Milly cries]
-I think it's serious. Sissi!
Go get your father please.
We'll go with you!
Ah!
Hey, Jim!
There's a problem with Milly Soloviev!
-Jim?
-[menacing music]
[Jim growls]
[Sissi screams]
Sissi! Come back!
[Jim growling]
We'll meet up at the factory!
-Huh?
-[Jim growls]
Woah!
Over there!
[zombies growl and moan]
Woah! About-face, everybody!
[Jim growls]
[Odd grunts]
[Aelita gasps]
Hey! What's going on?
[Odd] Oh, nothing!
We're surrounded by zombies!
-Zom-- Oh!
-[Rosa faints]
[sinister music]
[Sissi panting]
-[zombies moan]
-[Sissi screams]
-[menacing music]
-[Sissi gasps]
[Sissi screams]
Help me!
[zombies moan]
Cool it, maggot-faces!
[zombies moan and growl]
[thumps and whacks]
[relieved sigh]
[Ulrich shouts]
[Sissi sighs]
Come on!
[Milly] There! You see, I wasn't dreaming!
[Milly whimpers]
[zombies growl]
I'll bet they'll be back
with reinforcements.
[Nicolas] The problem with the living dead
is that you can't kill them…
because they're already dead!
[Nicolas giggles]
[Dunbar] No, I'm not joking! Hello?
[phone key tones]
Zombies! That's right,
like in Out of the Tomb?
[Aelita] I hope Ulrich got away alright!
Don't worry!
He's probably at the factory by now,
and we've gotta join him ASAP!
[Dunbar] Hey!
Where d'you think you're going?
Uh… Outside?
No way! It's too dangerous!
That's our problem, William!
[Dunbar] Sorry, I'm the oldest one here,
so I'm responsible for the group,
and I'm telling you,
you're staying here and waiting for help!
I don't want zombies to get you!
If they attack here again,
we'll need as many here as possible!
Anyone who tries to get out
has gotta get past me first!
Understand?
Great! William thinks he's Bruce Willis!
That's all we needed!
[Yumi panting]
[Yumi straining]
[zombies moan]
What do I do now? Can't get through!
Hey Sissi, listen, we've got
to get to a safe spot.
Let's get back to the lunchroom fast
and get some help. Okay?
Okay.
[sad music]
-[owl hoots]
-[zombies moan]
[wolf howls]
A supercomputer that lets you
go into a virtual universe
where you have to battle
an evil enemy called XANA?
Uh, yes.
When you put it that way,
I admit it sounds a little weird.
If you wanna stop this zombie attack, Odd,
Jeremy and I have to get to the factory!
Look, I'm sorry, but I don't believe you,
so we're all staying together!
Okay, Plan B. I'll distract him
and you take off with Aelita.
Hey! Jackie Chan! So you think
you're the boss around here or something?
Yes! And I want us all
to get out of this unharmed!
Look! They're getting away!
[Aelita] Jeremy!
[Jeremy yells]
Hey, you!
Sorry, but it's for your own good!
You'll thank me when you get
out of this, safe and sound!
[footsteps]
Safe and sound… Yeah, thanks a lot!
Hmm…
[theme music]
[elevator door hissing]
-[Yumi] Oh, fantastic. No one!
-[sinister music]
[policewoman] Hello? Anybody here?
-[door opens]
-Uh… yes?
[policewoman] Good evening.
We got a call alerting us
about an attack… by…
Well, anyway… You haven't
seen anything suspicious
going on around the campus?
-Uh, zombies… Living dead?
-Huh?
No,
but I haven't been out of my gatehouse.
As far as I know, everything's normal!
I told you it was just another
stupid kid's prank, right? Let's go.
Thank you! Goodnight!
[distant barking]
Hey, Jeremy, it's me!
-Are you at the factory?
-Still not there.
This joker William won't let us out!
Right. I'll see what I can do.
Hey, Jim! You heard this thing
about some… zombies?
It's completely nutty!
Look!
-[Ulrich gasps]
-[Sissi screams]
-[zombies moan]
-Oh!
-Well, so much for the way out of here!
-[phone ringing]
Yumi?
What have you guys been up to?
I've been waiting at the factory!
Haven't you heard?
It's a living dead convention over here!
I'm trying to find a way to get Aelita
to the factory but it won't be easy.
Okay, be careful!
[Yumi hangs up]
[Odd] They're coming from all sides.
Wait, there's Kiwi!
[menacing music]
He found me! See how smart he is?
Hey, my little diggity dog!
Hey! That's the same dog we saw
in the hallway just before Tamiya
got zombified!
Wait, Odd!
[Kiwi snarls]
Ow!
Kiwi, what's wrong with you?
[Kiwi growls]
XANA!
[Odd strains]
William! Quick!
We have to tie him up!
[Odd snarls]
[Aelita gasps]
-[Odd snarls]
-[Jeremy yells]
Hurry up!
[Odd snarls]
[theme music]
[zombies moan]
You got a plan?
Yeah, but I'm not sure you'll like it.
[Dunbar] So you're saying Kiwi
is possessed by this XANA?
Right. But now, thanks to you, Kiwi's
somewhere ready to bite us!
What's more, we're surrounded
by an army of the living dead!
If you had let us out before,
we wouldn't be in this mess!
If you'd gone out you might
be a zombie yourself! Idiot!
I'm getting tired of hearing about
this factory and your supercomputer!
[Jim growls]
Are you ready?
[Sissi nods]
-[zombies moan]
-Kill the zombies!
[Ulrich] Come on, deadheads!
[Ulrich imitates zombie moans]
[Sissi] Open up! It's me, Sissi!
Hey! Open up, I said! I'm not one of them!
She's lying.
Prove it!
[Sissi stutters]
I have a subscription to Pretty Girl,
and I still sleep with Nin-Nin,
my stuffed moose!
That has nothing to do with it,
that just proves you're a lame-o!
-[zombie growls]
-[Sissi yelps]
[Sissi] You open this door,
you bunch of pea-brained dorks!
That's Sissi, all right!
-[Sissi screams]
-[Jim growls]
-[Milly screams]
-[Herb whimpers]
-[Jim snarls]
-[Nicolas strains]
[Jeremy] Come on! It's now or never!
[Jim growls]
[Dunbar yells]
[zombies growl]
[zombies moan]
[Dunbar screams]
-Oh!
-[zombies growl]
[zombies moaning and growling]
Oh!
[Dunbar snarls]
[Ulrich shouts]
That one's on me!
[zombies moan]
[zombies growl]
[Yumi shouts]
[Yumi grunts]
Urgh! Hurry up!
Let's get back to the factory!
[zombies moan]
[Ulrich grunts]
[elevator door opens]
[Jeremy] Get into the scanners!
I'll start the virtualization process!
[theme music]
-Okay, ladies! Ready to roll!
-[action music]
Transfer Yumi!
-[scanner humming]
-[computer blipping]
Transfer Aelita!
[scanner buzzing]
-Scanner Yumi!
-[computer blipping]
Scanner Aelita!
[computer blipping]
Virtualization!
[scanner whooshing]
[digital whirring]
[Yumi and Aelita grunt]
[Jeremy] And here's the Overwing!
Wow, you're getting better, Jeremy!
Soon, we'll be landing on top of them!
[Jeremy] Okay, on your way,
and watch out for nasty surprises!
-[menacing music]
-[Sissi] What are they doing?
If you ask me,
they're preparing a final assault!
-[Milly whimpers]
-It's okay…
[zombies moaning]
[Kiwi growling and sniffing]
[manhole cover scrapes open]
-[action music]
-[Overwing whirring]
Activated tower in sight!
[Aelita gasps]
Krabs also in sight!
[Aelita whimpers]
XANA's played his cards right.
He wanted to bring you to Lyoko,
but with the fewest bodyguards possible!
That's why Kiwi bit Odd,
but not you or me!
Be careful!
[computer beeping]
[computer blipping]
[Jeremy] But now,
XANA doesn't need me anymore!
[Yumi] What do you mean?
You've gotta deactivate the tower fast!
If I get zombified, I won't
be able to launch the return in time,
and then--
I won't talk about the mess we'll be in!
[Krabs growling]
Ready, Aelita?
[Aelita nods in agreement]
-[Yumi] Okay!
-[Aelita gasps]
-We're gonna try to push through!
-[Jeremy] That's suicide!
If you don't make it,
Aelita will be alone with the Scyphozoa!
[laser charging]
-[laser blasting]
-[Aelita gasps]
[laser charging]
[Aelita yelps]
[fan swishes]
[fan charging]
-[explosion]
-[laser blasts]
[electricity crackling]
[Aelita whimpers]
[theme music]
Okay, guys, this is it!
Oh!
[Rosa gasps]
Oh, I think I'm…
[Rosa gasps and passes out]
[zombies growl]
-[action music]
-[Aelita gasps]
[mechanical whirring]
They're on our tail!
[Jeremy] Ladies,
I hope you know what you're doing!
Yeah, so do I, Jeremy.
[mechanical whirring]
[zombies growl]
[Jim snarls]
[student gasps]
Ah! Help!
-No!
-[Herb screams and pans clatter]
Oh!
-[laser charging]
-[mechanical whirring]
-[Aelita whimpers]
-[laser charging]
Take my fan! Hurry!
[Aelita grunts]
[laser blast]
[Yumi yells]
-Now!
-[Aelita shouts]
[Aelita yelps]
[laser blasts]
[Yumi yells]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Yumi groans]
[Aelita screams]
[Aelita and Yumi scream]
[Overwing powers down]
[explosion]
[Yumi and Aelita panting]
Miserable Kankrelat!
We'll have to go on foot!
[action music]
[zombies moaning]
-[Herb screams]
-[Dunbar growls]
[student screams]
[Herb screaming]
[Nicolas screams]
[Sissi screams]
[mechanical whirring]
-[Yumi panting]
-[laser charging]
Oh!
[laser blasts]
Go ahead! I'll take care of it!
[Yumi strains]
[Yumi grunts]
[Yumi shouts]
[explosion]
[Aelita gasps]
[Yumi] Don't drag your feet!
-Oh no!
-[Aelita] Jeremy! The tower's disappeared!
[Yumi] Maybe we went the wrong way!
[Jeremy] No, wait, the tower's there!
-I can see it on my screen!
-[action music]
You're right, Jeremy! It's straight ahead!
How are we gonna get to it?
I can tele-transport Aelita!
[Jeremy] You're crazy! If you fail,
she'll fall right into the digital sea!
[Aelita] You have a better idea?
I trust her, Jeremy!
[resonance]
[wind howling]
Oh!
[mechanical whirring]
-[computer beeping]
-Yumi! Yumi!
[Jeremy] Behind you!
-[Yumi cries out]
-[Aelita yelps]
[computer beeping]
[Yumi moans]
[Aelita screams]
[Yumi gasps]
-[Aelita screams]
-[Yumi groans]
-[rushing]
-[elevator door opens]
-[Kiwi growls]
[zombies moan]
-[laser blast]
-[fan swishes]
[Yumi shrieks]
Yumi!
[Aelita screaming]
[laser charging]
-[laser blast]
-[Yumi groans]
[Aelita screams]
No!
[Aelita yelps]
It's one of XANA's tricks!
Oh?
[laser charging]
-[laser blast]
-[Yumi moans]
Aelita!
-[mechanical whirring]
-[Aelita gasps]
[action music]
[Kiwi growling]
[Aelita panting]
[mechanical whirring]
[digital humming]
[Krab growling]
[Aelita] Jeremy! A Krab!
[Jeremy] Keep going! Normally,
it wouldn't dare fire at you!
[mechanical whirring]
[Aelita pants]
-[digital humming]
-[ethereal music]
[mechanical whirring]
[thud]
Yes! Ha-ha! Nice job! Ow!
[zombies moaning]
[Kiwi growling]
Oh, no!
-[zombies moaning]
-[Milly and Sissi whimper]
[Milly screaming]
-[Sissi] Don't you touch Milly, you hear?
-[zombies moaning]
[Milly and Sissi whimper]
[Odd snarls]
Odd?
[Ulrich gasps]
[Jeremy growls]
Oh!
[Nicolas growls]
[Milly screams]
-[Ulrich straining]
-[Odd snarling]
[Aelita] Jeremy,
did you program the return to the past?
-Jeremy?
-[Jeremy growls]
[Odd snarls]
[Sissi and Milly screaming]
-[tower powering down]
-Tower deactivated!
[distorted] Aelita!
Re--
[rewind whirring]
[Jeremy screams]
[Jeremy] Return to the past now!
[rewind whirring]
-[light music]
-You see? I didn't even get that!
Sissi! What do you think about
your father's decision to start
an exchange program with France?
Our readers want to know!
My dear Milly,
your paper doesn't have any readers!
And anyway, I don't need the whole school
knowing what I think. Understand?
[Sissi] Coming?
Oh, I hate her!
It's true that she's a pain, but you know,
deep down I think she really likes you!
And I really think that she can
be very brave and a real nice person…
when she wants to be!
What?
Hmm?
Yeah… In fact, you never can guess
a person's true colors, can you?
[theme music]